So we've created our note here, which is now an entity, because we are passing the annotations right
from wrong to say that this is a table and give it a name and we create a primary key.
We have columns and so forth.
So now let's go ahead and create the actual database because this is important.
We have the table for us, but actually we have to have a database and then the database will hold a
table, an entity, as it's called also.
All right.
So what are we going to do?
Let's go to our data right inside here.
I'm going to right click, create a new codling class.
This class is actually going to be an abstract class, we don't have it, it's OK, it's just use this
interface for now.
You want to call this note database.
Notice the naming convention here, right?
We say note that the name of the app and that basic etc. base.
OK, there we go.
And instead of an interface, I'm going to say abstract.
All right.
So this will, of course, extend our own database search, right?
And we'll pass nothing in the constructor there.
All right.
So to make this not just a simple class, this to make this an actual database class per say, well,
I'm going to say at database.
And there you have it, right?
Hit enter.
And the great thing also about this annotation is that we can pass all this metadata or this information
that it's needed to actually create that database.
Look how easy this is.
Now I can say entities remember entities.
Same thing as tables say, what entities do I need?
You look at here entities requires the parameter array so it can pass a list of entities, meaning we
can have more than one table.
Most applications have more than one table.
In our case here we only have one input instead of square brackets there, and I must say it's going
to be note and to call in there to say class like this.
OK.
So this is how you say that this is what we're calling so that it creates an entity that we need to
pass on to our database and we can pass the other method metadata here.
Other parameters and arguments pass version of our database, just say one.
And then we're going to pass export schema to false by section.
And because it's an abstract class, all we want to do then is to do as follow and to create a function
that will give us the Dow the data access object.
So I'm going to say abstract save function note now like this, right?
And this is going to be of type node database now, which we haven't created yet.
Again, what are we doing here?
Well, next, we're going to create this Dow, which is the entity that will be which will be responsible
to access to data in our SQL database.
The outer class is to be able to access the data internally in our room database.
We've seen how to create, of course, the entities, the tables.
We just created those using the model class.
All of this is inside of old room database.
OK, let's go ahead and create this note.
Database Dow.
In fact, I can come here and just say Create.
An interface, that's what we need.
We're going to extract these two data, that's fine where it is in will.
Now we have another node database, Dow interface there.
So what is are we going to do now?
This is not going to be just any other Dow then access.
This has to be a room Dow.
So for that again, we're going to go and pass Dow like this or add the Dow as our annotation to say
this is a Dow from our Andrew room, so it knows exactly what needs to happen here so we can have access
to other properties over Dow.
So the idea here, remember, is so that the Dow is able to access database, which means you can read
in search, delete, update and so forth.
Right here is what we're going to have.
The skeleton functions right that will be implemented somewhere else or call someone else to do the
job.
So look what I want to do here.
I'm going to say at query such notice ace and axle room query, right?
And then here I'm going to put a string of value that's going to say select.
All actually, except means all, so everything from the table, what table?
Well, look at this, I can start typing notes Ha.
Because we are in this even knows to say, OK, I think you are going to go ahead.
I think you want this note's table that we created earlier like this.
So everything is connected.
Right?
And I notice that I made a mistake in our database that Dow, I can actually say shift f six.
And I'm going to change the database that Dow, so now everywhere.
This is called, it's going to be changed as well.
All right, there we go.
So we have this query here and now we're going to put a function behind it.
So what are we doing with annotate this get notes function that we're going to create here?
Such.
And we're going to return a list of notes object like this, we're going to change this, of course,
but we will see that this is what we want.
So what I'm doing here is that this get notes when it's cold, somewhere, anywhere, it's going to
say what is going to actually go out or go ahead and select all from our notes and return a list of
notes.
That's it.
When we saw the definition of room as a tool or library that abstracts out, it's a it's a layer abstraction
of everything else to deal with.
Sequel like this is what they mean.
All we have to do is pass the act out or interface here, and then we just query in passing the selection
here.
So select all from notes and then append that, of course, on top of of the function.
So whenever this is called, it's going to return.
It's a list of notes from our database.
So this is to create, read, update and delete.
So in this case, here next, I'm going to say, well, another query and this query here, I'm going
to say again, select.
All from Mike.
It doesn't matter if it's upper case, but I like to put lowercase there from, I say notes table,
where in this case I'd say it's going to be equal to an idea that we're going to pass.
This is the syntax.
So then I'm going to create a function here called get note by ID if we need to.
It's nice to have these and pass that I.D..
It's going to be a string Typekit say.
And then what is it that we want?
Well, we want to return in note.
Now we want to insert something.
How do we do that?
Yes, there's another notation.
So insert like this.
And it was a fun.
Search what is there one insert note type like this?
We don't have to return anything right, because you're seeing something, if we inserting a note that
already has something there or something happen and we need to do something if something goes wrong
on conflicts, right when, say, on conflict here I'm just going to pass on conflict strategy and say
replace.
So if there's any issues of trying to insert something that may already exist or there are some errors,
we'll just go ahead, go ahead and replace it and add this new one.
All right.
Let's continue here.
Let's say I want to update.
Yes, there's an update.
There we go.
So fun.
Call this update.
And what is that one update, just a note.
Look, how easy this is simple syntax and actually would have to pass anything and we can do the same
we did before still in conflict, we can say on conflict strategy.
Go ahead and replace their either strategy.
But we're going to just use replace.
All right.
We're going to continually say, want to delete everything from our database?
Well, in this case, if you want to delete everything, we're just going to go and say query because
we can ask.
Right.
It's a query put there.
And let's say delete
all.
From our notes.
Why don't need all just delete from this will delete, say notes table.
All right.
So fun.
Delete all.
We don't need to pass anything.
Now, if you want to delete.
And note can go ahead and say at delete, there is in notation or an annotation for that, just go ahead
and delete one item.
I say fun.
Delete.
Note, and when it passed, a note needs to be deleted like that.
Angela?
There we go.
Now we have our Dow.
Created the layer here because it's connecting directly to our database in this case also or entities
or tables.
So whoever wants to do something in this layer here will have to have an instance.
Preferably only one instance of a Dow data access object and then start invoking update and pass that
note in done.
So this layer abstraction, this decoupling of responsibilities will important as you will continue
to see in development.